Any live maximum security products/services/experiences should eventually include functionality to handle message/request/interaction delays and failures, and also, should probably implement clever dummy message/request/interaction features... Amongst many other things of course!... Also, you may find that messages in a conversation sometimes arrive out of order, so best practice would be to store all reconfigured/resolved counterparty enigma hash fines, on an ongoing basis (calculated from conversation re-baselines), and whenever a new message arrives, attempt to recover the payload Crypto_Secret, using all currently unused reconfigured/resolved counterparty enigma hash fines, so that the correct matching of hash pair to Encrypted_Cyphertext will be found, and therefore the message received will be readable/usable...

In terms of the debate surrounding homomorphic alignment and heteromorphic alignment in the FINA encryption regime, I have made an executive decision, to stick with the more 'Feng Shui' approach of homomorphic alignment, rather than pushing for the 'Brutalist' heteromorphic alignment. The reason is as follows... Proviso: We are going to always be enabling an optional chunking feature... and with this proviso in mind, along with the maybe not so obvious facet of networking and data packets, which tends to penalise even only slightly large data packet sizes (If you send large data packets, you are vulnerable to a failure-to-reach-destination (FTRD) outcome, which basically wastes unnecessarily large amounts of compute and time, compared to small data packets, where an FTRD would only waste nugatory amounts of compute and time), it seems wise to provide large data encryption sizes using a combination of simple homomorphic alignment and chunking... Also, given that implementing a heteromorphic alignment encryption regime would not solve the data size problem, but rather simply "kick the can down the road a little", I have very little appetite to provide this, even though in some usecases, it may infact be superior to homomorphic alignment approaches (For example file encryption and similar such things as this)!... Just so that you know, I could be wrong, but I currently do not believe that there is a cybersecurity differential between homomorphic and heteromorphic regimes. The only possible advantages that I can see are efficiency and storage size improvements, with the heteromorphic approach...

HTTPO is going to become the dominant internet communication protocol... This label is mandatory for any connection using Obsidian cryptographic tech...

I would like to notify users of a 'subspace anomaly' in the PIO Randomicity Generator algorithm (which is likely infact a bug in the underlying SQL Engine), on the @Dilators_B table, where expected data type value granularity seems to vanish, in that the distal digits (greatest precision digits) of the [A_Tiny_Mush_Of_Vulcan_Flan] And [A_Huge_Slice_Of_Andorian_Pie] Columns, seem to all be set to zero. If Microsoft eventually realises this bug, and eventually fixes the SQL Engine, all future capability to decrypt already encrypted messages will be massively or totally impaired (because computation behaviour will have changed in the new version of SQL Server). I guess the takeaway is, because the SQL Engine can occasionally change computation behaviour between versions, it would be wise to either re-implement the PIO Randomicity Generation algorithm in a less volatile execution engine or programming language, or to simply include details around SQL Server version in your first messages of a conversation, or to simply add the details to the Encrypted_Cyphertext header (although this later option is not ideal, because it would unnecessarily bloat the size of all communications in the conversation)…

Please be abundantly aware, that you can randomly generate FINA Encryption Hash Pair Primes, by turning on the Temporal Distortion global variable, and then also setting the PIO Randomicity Generation algorithm global variables to first produce 3 range bounded numbers between 1 and 100,000,000, and then you would feed these into the Terran, Vulcan, and Andorian Seed Coordinate Hashes when subsequently executing the PIO Randomicity Generation algorithm again, with different settings to produce the associated FINA Encryption Hash Primes... If you do randomise this process though, please be 'neurotically' obsessed that you don't re-use the same FINA Encryption Hash Pair Primes more than once (you will need to keep a log of used hashes within an ongoing conversation, and automatically check this every time before use... and yes, different combinations of global variables can result in a collision where the resultant FINA Encryption Hash Pair Prime outputs are identical!)...

If you haven't realised yet, the Obsidian inaugurated quantum-safe encryption reality is very compute expensive... As a result, I foresee the need to roll out a new type of ASIC chip into every computer, which is optimally designed to carry out the necessary computations... Which means that we need a new Standard, pronto... I wonder who would lead that?... I certainly am too busy to get involved any further on that one I'm afraid!...