CORE PROPOSAL - THE ANCHOR DATABASE (SQL-Graph-HYBRID-DATABASE)

Recently I've been thinking more about this particular StackOverflow solution that I have implemented, for email chains... This algorithm just so happens to be a very efficient SQL implementation for the emulation of graph databases (It may even be faster than the existing graph database native implementations which aim to do the same thing... That is, find any node's full graph of connected neighbours... To turn SQL Server into a graph database, among other things, you'd want to limit graph depth using an 'adjacency degree of separation' limit... You'd also want at least node (in the StackOverflow solution, that corresponds to an email) 'type duality', for example to model relationship node types aswell... You'd finally need, within a SQL-Graph Database, some way to add attributes to each node or relationship, which can be achieved with a separate attribute table, which has a column relating to node or relationship id (Simply use the Email_ID {@tblEmail...} table for nodes, and the Email_Reply_ID {@tblReply...} table for relationships). You would always ideally be using an efficient ID, such as an incrementing integer for ID mapping between nodes and relationships, rather than a GUID (which would actually slow down graph analysis in comparison to a simple integer ID system)... The actual data attribute column should probably be kept as generic as is practicable, in order to minimise complexity... Finally, to finish off a basic SQL-Graph Database, you will need to give the user, some mechanism to filter either by the attribute table actual attribute values, or to filter by the nodes-relationships (emails and replies) tables, before generating the sub-graph, using an augmentation of the outlined T-SQL algorithm (Obviously if you search by attribute, you must first hop to the nodes-relationships (emails and replies) tables, and then build the {or all the} sub-graphs from there)... Of course the piece-de-resistance, would be the optional capability to perform conditional logic and aggregation functions, on the elicited sub-graph or sub-graphs (especially on the associated attributes that are referencing the actual sub-graph structure/s of nodes and relationships)... With this, all the basic functionality of a SQL-Graph Database is completed... Now where are all those existing customers, using existing install bases, in order to rapidly gain market share, I wonder???... BTW, implementing this SQL-Graph Database design, could be a decent Masters degree dissertation, or even a PHD thesis... Just saying... ALSO... Applying Obsidian Partition Map techniques, in order to massively speed up computations, would be a Next-Gen 2.0 SQL-Graph Database).



THE GOAL

Microsoft already has Integration Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS), and Analysis Services (SSAS) in the core SQL Server engine... I think it is now quite appopo, to include a new service called: SQL Server Graph Services (SSGS)!



OTHER CONSIDERATIONS

Upon more pondering, I have realised that you are also going to want to use a specific type of attribute called an 'Anchor-Tie', in order to group node or relationship constituents together across sub-graphs. The reason that this anchoring is necessary, is because the native graph data structure, is naturally comprised of many overlapping sub-graphs, where within each sub-graph, there can only ever be single-to-single relationships between nodes (although multiple relationships can exist in parallel between the same two nodes in the sub-graph). THis means that in order to have 'node branching', that is, where you have many-to-many node relationships, you must build upon, and analyse from, multiple overlapping sub-graph node-relationship chains, that have at least one common constituent anchor-tie.

Directed graphs could also be implemented0 using this outlined design, simply by using an attribute which itself is either true or false, corresponding to the polar limits (or in other words the start and end nodes) of each sub-graph. This 'Polarity Attribute' can simply be linked to a node or relationship, just like any other attribute, by using the node or relationship ID.

And further clarification... The choice is actually yours, but you can either 'by default of this outlined design' treat successive nodes and relationships as sequential, or you can use 'Parallelism Attributes', in order to force specific adjacently contiguous sequences of nodes or relationships, to be, you guessed it, simultaneous (or in other words, parallel peers). To achieve this, simply use multiple attributes, each referencing one of the parallel peer nodes or relationships, and then as the attribute value, simply use a compound delimited string, which is a concatenation of all the constituent node or relationship IDs. Because you need to know that these attributes are of parallel peer or simultaneous type as well, it is wise to have on each attribute, both a type and a value column, both of which are simply derived from something like Varchar(Max) data type.

NOTA BENE: INFACT I HAVE REALISED INDEED THAT BECAUSE OF THIS PARALLEL SIMULTANEOUS USECASE, EVERY ATTRIBUTE SHOULD HAVE A TYPE AND A VALUE, SO PLEASE MAKE SURE THE ATTRIBUTE TABLE HAS A PRIMARY ID COLUMN (to identify the attribute), A FOREIGN ID COLUMN (to identify the constituent node or relationship which the attribute belongs to), A STRING COLUMN FOR TYPE, AND FINALLY A STRING COLUMN FOR VALUE.

CORRECTION 0001: About single-to-single nodes (as mentioned in the first paragraph of this OTHER CONSIDERATIONS section)... This also applies to relationships, in a way that doesn't allow branching within sub-graph for relationships either, because when using a Parallelism Attribute, all the grouped constituents must resolve to the same single source and single target relationships and/or nodes.

Finally, if you want to implement a 'Time-Dynamic Immutable Super-Graph', then please feel free to make use of  the Anchor Attribute facet, as mentioned above, in order to store time instanced versions of the same constituent nodes or relationships, through time, instead of overwriting a single constituent node. You could then apply stored procedures and functions, which could do all sorts of things like: 1. Find me the latest snapshot of my super-graph; 2. Aggregate a trend through time for a given constituent or group of constituents, with regards to a particular attribute value; 3. Return the average lifetime particular attribute value for this constituent node or relationship, across a particular calendar granularity, such as per month, or per hour; etc_ the list goes on for an open-ended amount of usecases. This is really getting at 'Full Operating Capability SQL-Graph-Hybrid-Database maturity 3.0'.

Folks this design should suffice for any transactional and/or analytical usecase. I will return to this mandate, to assess progress in the SQL Server community, within a few years time from now, hopefully... If progress of implementation is weak and/or wanting, then I will probably assist with more actual T-SQL sourcecode.

Good luck, budding 'Techno-Anchorites'!