THE CORE PROPOSAL

Recently I've been thinking more about this particular StackOverflow solution that I have implemented, for email chains... This algorithm just so happens to be a very efficient SQL implementation for the emulation of graph databases (It may even be faster than the existing graph database native implementations which aim to do the same thing... That is, find any node's full graph of connected neighbours... To turn SQL Server into a graph database, among other things, you'd want to limit graph depth using an 'adjacency degree of separation' limit... You'd also want at least node (in the StackOverflow solution, that corresponds to an email) 'type duality', for example to model relationship node types aswell... You'd finally need, within a SQL-Graph Database, some way to add attributes to each node or relationship, which can be achieved with a separate attribute table, which has a column relating to node or relationship id (Simply use the Email_ID {@tblEmail...} table for nodes, and the Email_Reply_ID {@tblReply...} table for relationships). You would always ideally be using an efficient ID, such as an incrementing integer for ID mapping between nodes and relationships, rather than a GUID (which would actually slow down graph analysis in comparison to a simple integer ID system)... The actual data attribute column should probably be kept as generic as is practicable, in order to minimise complexity... Finally, to finish off a basic SQL-Graph Database, you will need to give the user, some mechanism to filter either by the attribute table actual attribute values, or to filter by the nodes-relationships (emails and replies) tables, before generating the sub-graph, using an augmentation of the outlined T-SQL algorithm (Obviously if you search by attribute, you must first hop to the nodes-relationships (emails and replies) tables, and then build the {or all the} sub-graphs from there)... Of course the piece-de-resistance, would be the optional capability to perform conditional logic and aggregation functions, on the elicited sub-graph or sub-graphs (especially on the associated attributes that are referencing the actual sub-graph structure/s of nodes and relationships)... With this, all the basic functionality of a SQL-Graph Database is completed... Now where are all those existing customers, using existing install bases, in order to rapidly gain market share, I wonder???... BTW, implementing this SQL-Graph Database design, could be a decent Masters degree dissertation, or even a PHD thesis... Just saying... ALSO... Applying Obsidian Partition Map techniques, in order to massively speed up computations, would be a Next-Gen 2.0 SQL-Graph Database).



THE GOAL

Microsoft already has Integration Services (SSIS), Reporting Services (SSRS), and Analysis Services (SSAS) in the core SQL Server engine... I think it is now quite appopo, to include a new service called: SQL Server Graph Services (SSGS)!



OTHER CONSIDERATIONS

Upon more pondering, I have realised that you are also going to want to use a specific type of attribute called an 'Anchor-Tie', in order to group node or relationship constituents together across sub-graphs. The reason that this anchoring is necessary, is because the native graph data structure, is naturally comprised of many overlapping sub-graphs, where within each sub-graph, there can only ever be single-to-single relationships between nodes (although multiple relationships can exist in parallel between the same two nodes in the sub-graph). THis means that in order to have 'node branching', that is, where you have many-to-many node relationships, you must build upon, and analyse from, multiple overlapping sub-graph node-relationship chains, that have at least one common constituent anchor-tie.

Directed graphs could also be implemented0 using this outlined design, simply by using an attribute which itself is either true or false, corresponding to the polar limits (or in other words the start and end nodes) of each sub-graph. This 'Polarity Attribute' can simply be linked to a node or relationship, just like any other attribute, by using the node or relationship ID.